.TH sax2 1 "July 15, 2002" "Version 4.7" "Utils for X-Window"
.UC 1

.SH NAME
SaX2 \- SuSE advanced X11 configuration,
a complete module based X11 configurator

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sax2
[
.I options 
]

.SH DESCRIPTION
SaX2 is a program to configure the X-Server. It is able to detect almost
all stuff related to the graphics card. The graphics card, Touchscreens,
Tablets, 3D features, AccessX, Keyboard, Mouse, Multihead, ... and more
can be configured using this tool.

.SH COMMAND LINE OPTIONS
Available command line options are the following:
.TP
-b \fI[filename]\fP
Activate the SaX2 batch modus. If no filename is given an interactive
shell is started to set/overwrite configuration parameters
.TP
-a
Auto configure modus. Create an automatic configuration without any
needed user interaction and GUI.
.TP
-l
Enable low resolution. Allow only the 640x480 resolution for the
graphics setup. This is usefull if the DDC probing of the monitor results
in not displayable resolution values.
.TP
-m \fIcard X=module,card X=module,...\fP
Set driver module to use for card
.I X
You can specify one driver module for each card detected.
.TP
-c \fIchip,chip,...\fP
Set chip to use for configuration. The
.I -p
option show all available chip numbers and you can select the
one you want to use for the configuration.
.TP
-d \fIdisplay\-number\fP
Set the display manually instead of probing the next free one.
This is only usefull if SaX2 was started from a text console.
.TP
-x
Use server build in Modelines. This will prevent SaX2 from calculating
its own modelines. The server build in mode pool is used instead.
This will only work for VESA specified resolutions.
.TP
-u
Use server mode suggestion. This will prevent SaX2 from suggesting
a resolution used for the configuration. The server itself will decide
the best resolution to use than.
.TP
-p
Show PCI/AGP information about the detected graphics card(s)
.TP
-n \fInode\fP
Set device node to use for the core pointer. This will specify the
port the mouse is connected to. For serial mice use /dev/ttySX where X is
the port number of the serial device, for USB devices use /dev/input/mice
and for PS/2 devices use /dev/psaux.
.TP
-t \fItype\fP
Set protocol type to use for the core pointer. If you are not sure
about the protocol your mouse understand please have a look at:
.I /usr/X11R6/lib/X11/doc/README.mouse
.TP
-g
Use gpm as repeater of mouse events.
.TP
-s
This option only takes effect if SaX2 has to start its own X-Server.
It will than use the system installed config file instead of the
HW detection data.
.TP
-r
Remove detection database and re-init the hardware database
.TP
-v
print version information and exit.

.SH AUTHORS
Marcus Schäfer <sax@suse.de>

.SH MAINTAINERS
The current maintainer is Marcus Schäfer. If you found a bug concering
SaX2 and/or related tools, feel free to contact Marcus <
.I sax@suse.de
>.  If you have any questions concerning support areas please contact
.I support@suse.de
.
